The Joe Rogan experience. And when you look at people that are anti-capitaist,
they're, they're really into socialism.
One of the things you find is a lot of rich kids's, it's weird, right? It's,
it's weird, real weird.
It's because they don't understand real struggle cuz they've grown up without
it. And they have these ideals.
Like they feel guilty because they've grown up without struggle and want to help
the world. And they think capitalism is evil and I never saw my dad.
So we need to,
we need to get all these rich people need to give that money to all these poor
people and we need to balance.
Out income.
You know what else they notice the people around them were all white.
If people that.
Are into socialism, the,
the people that are into socialism tend to be upper class, middle class,
obviously generalizing.
In a big way here. Right, right. A lot of.
'Em. But there there's, there's some studies,
some research that came out and it finds the overwhelming majority of socialists
in the United States. Yeah. You know,
they came from upper middle class to upper class families that tended to be
white.
Yeah. And those are the ones that focus so hard on these social justice warrior
issues.
So you, you take a person who has been surrounded by rich white people. Yes.
It probably got a reason to not like them <laugh> but then they assume all white
people are the same. And you, you end up seeing this, you know,
racialization of politics.
Also, they find themselves in a position of affluence that they didn't earn.
They wanna burn it all to the ground. Yep. You know it's.
And they assume, you know, I,
I think there's some truth in that, you know,
that there's people who have money,
they didn't earn and there are lechees on the system.
They make money from money. They've never done anything in their lives. Sure.
They're arrogant. Sure. There's a lot of people like that. Right. But you know,
when you then take that generalization and apply it to anyone who has money or
everyone and you, and you take it to a dark place. Exactly. When I,
when I first started, you know,
entering the public space terms of news and politics,
I was at occupy wall street. And before I had any notoriety,
I was being heralded.
They called me a good example of what's wrong with the system. Here's Tim pool,
a high school dropout mixed race guy.
And here he is just sleeping in a dirt park.
He was in his phone to tell the real stories of the world.
After I got featured in time magazine, what did they say? Tim pool is white.
And he was born with the, a silver spoon, which is not true,
is absolutely not true. But the, the, the socialist types,
the activists couldn't accept that I had, you know, jumped the, the,
the class system.
I guess their view of the world is rigid that the rich people keep the poor
down. There's no chance for upperward mobility. And that's not the case.
You know, you absolutely can become successful from, you know, humble means.
And.
One of my favorite AOC quotes was her talking about,
it's literally impossible to pull yourself up by your bootsraps when she used to
be a waitress. I know now she's a Congresswoman. Like, <laugh> like you,
can't like, it's not impossible, but it's not even,
that's what we need to address. It's not even the,
the reality is some people have a far easier path. Absolutely.
And some people have a far more difficult path. It's just, these are,
this is just, but you have to deal with the hand. You're given.
If life is a game and while I'm not saying it's a game, it is life.
But it's similar to a game in that you're dealt a set of cards.
You're dealt a set of circumstances and yes,
some people just get four ACEs from birth. Your,
your dad's a multi-billionaire and your whole family's always been rich and you
never have to worry about a thing for the rest of your life. Well, guess what?
Those people turn out to be miserable and crazy.
There's some benefit in being born with a hand of cards. Absolutely. Yeah.
There really is a motivational benefit for sure. Gumption.
Yes. You know, there's a, there's a Ted talk. There's one thing. One trait,
one personality trait that guarantees success of all of all,
all it's not intelligence. It's not class. It's not, race's not gender unit.
It is what perseverance, that's it? I believe that's a Ted talk on it.
It's it's, it's interesting. And it's true now. I think there's,
there's always gonna be certain limits based on your ability.
Like I'm never gonna play in the NBA, right? I'm tall enough, right.
Nowhere near as fast or can jump high enough, actually.
That's not track and jump free ice skateboard. But uh,
you take people who don't have top tier
intelligence, not the strongest, but if they work hard enough,
they can find their apex.
They can find that point where they're successful and they can make it right.
It's not true for everybody. Some people are, are, are below that, uh, that,
that threshold, no matter how hard they try, they're gonna need help.
Well, I think that the problem is with any sort of generalization, you know,
perseverance is the most important thing. Yes, sure.
But you also have to be intelligent.
You can't be doing the same thing over and over again. I'm not gonna quit. No,
you have to be able to figure out what you're doing wrong as well as have
perseverance. Perseverance is a necessary part of the equation,
but there's many pieces to that equation.
But, but define success in that regard, right? If, if success is, well.
It depends on the field that you're choosing. Right.
If you're not smart enough to be an asttrophysicist,
you shouldn't be an asttrophysicist right.
If you're not tall enough to play in the NBA,
you probably can't play in the NBA.
Do you think he that's not necessarily true though. Mugsy Bowes.
That dude was amazing. He was amazing. He was.
Five. Seven. Yeah. Was.
He? Yeah. Yeah. He did 360 dunk. He was amazing. Was he 5, 5, 5, 3 5 three.
Bud. Webbb that's right. That's wow. We shorter than.
I thought. Yeah. But you can do it. Yeah. That's amazing. That's.
Very rare. We about two guys, right? Two guys, guys. Exactly, exactly. I like.
That. Yeah. I,
I think the average person has the potential and the capabilities of being
successful. Wealthy. If they want famous. I think one of the,
one of the challenges we have in our culture is how we're raising kids and what
we're, what the values we're giving them. Well.
It's also what you trying to do. Like what do you look? There's a thing.
There's a bunch of different things that you could just, you just don't have,
like, some people can't sing. They don't have any talent.
They just don't have it. Their voice sounds like.
But guess who else's voice sounded like, Bob Dylan, terrible voice. Yeah.
How does it feel me? Come on, man.
People love of it because there's like authenticity and passion and there's
something to it. Right. But he found out a way to make it work.
He wouldn't win American idol. No.
Imagine greatest music.
One of the greatest musicians I've.
Lived <laugh> yeah. Imagine him going like, uh, someone saying,
what do you wanna do, man? I wanna be a singer songwriter. Okay.
Just without any music without any intereststrument sing, sing me a song.
<laugh>.
Probably probably, well, you know, there's there, there are a lot of people,
especially in the internet day and age that you would not expect to have made
it. Who made it.
Yes. You know, that's well, you know, there's a lot. Yeah. I mean this,
and then there's rules today that I don't think really hold true. You know,
people say, oh, you know, you have to be good looking. You have to be thin.
Well, Adele's not thin. Yeah. She is now she's thin.
Now people are mad at her for being thin. Yeah. Yeah.
<laugh> but she just was talented. Just had a powerful voice or that woman,
Susan, whatever was her name that was on, um, America's got talent.
I don't know. No, it wasn't. America's got talent. An X factor, X factor factor,
Susan Boyle that looks wizard over here. Susan Boyle.
She looked like someone's Grammy. Right. And,
but she belted out this song that made Simon cow almost cry. Wow.
Cause she was just talented. Just really good. You, you, you can find a thing,
but you know, if you're Susan Boyle and you wanna be a,
maybe her jokes are terrible. Maybe she would show up at open Mike night at,
at Sunday night at the comedy store over and over again and keep bombing.
And then, you know, she never would've made it. Yeah. Can't learn.
Some peoples it, I think, I think if you can, if you can learn, right.
If you can, you know,
one of the problems those people refuse to accept when they're wrong,
be self critical. Yeah.
The they're not,
they don't have an analytical perspective in terms of their own issues. They,
they can't analyze themselves and see the flaws and be objective and
introspective.
Some people just don't have that because they've been protecting themselves.
They have these sort of personality traits that protect themselves from
self-deprecation, from understanding where their flaw, when I was.
A teenager, I,
I remember reading that Michael Jordan would watch tapes of himself playing to
figure out what he did wrong. I dunno if that's true. But to me that was like,
if you wanna be the best like him, yes.
You need to actively look for what you're screwing up and call out.
Immediately. Well, that's imperative for sparring. Yeah. When you're sparring,
like we used to film a, a lot of, uh, back when I was, uh, competing,
we would film sparring sessions and fights particular fights,
but sparring sessions,
it was critical because you could see how you were telegraphing something and
then you got countered. You could see how,
and sometimes you don't think you're doing it, but then you realize like,
oh my God, I'm dropping my hand. Every time I'm do this.
And then you get caught crazy. Yeah. Like that's what, everything though.
It's like poker.
Yeah. Yeah. Giving your tails away. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and that's nice.
But I think most things you'd be better off seeing,
like with comedy it's massive. It's gigantic.
Being able to visually see yourself is like primary that's number
one little bit, little bit less good is listening to yourself.
And at a certain point in time in your career,
you can get away with just listening in terms of like,
but there's a big difference between people who monitor their stuff and go over
it and analyze it versus people who don't. And it's just, it's,
it's accelerated learning.
It's like taking advantage of all the tools that you are given.
And you can apply that to anything that you're trying to do good in life.
If you have the time and the energy,
like if you're doing a job and during this job, you know,
you just show up at work and you try to do your best.
Then you go home and you off and you do your stuff.
You'll get better at whatever you do exactly.
But if you go and do your job and then afterwards
analyze what you did pay attention to it, write things down, make a diary,
perhaps, or review your work and re you'll get better, faster.
It's a matter of how much time as long as you don't burn out.
I don't take days off ever. Yeah. That's weird. I took a day off yesterday,
had some bad sushi. <laugh> I here's a lesson to everybody. If, uh,
if I don't wanna be mean in the sushi people, they were really nice to me.
But you know, maybe,
maybe layoff sushi if they've been close for a month because of a pandemic and
well, you're driving.
From the other side of the country, text me, dude.
<laugh> I'll tell you the places you there's only, I,
I go to like four places out here for sushi and everywhere else. I'm like, Ooh,
I.
Don't know. Well, so here's what I wanted to say. Right? Uh, I don't,
I don't take a day off and, and a lot of people say I'm crazy.
And I've actually in my Monday through Friday is now double shifts every day,
then Saturday and Sunday are single shifts in terms of production.
So I do Monday through Friday,
three hours and 40 minutes about Saturday and Sunday is about an hour and 40
minutes. And, and what would I do if I wasn't working,
I'd be playing video games, but listen to.
The numbers you just said.
Yeah. Three hours and 40 Monday through Friday. Yeah.
And then an hour and a half per weekend day. Yeah.
That's still not a full day's work. That's still not a.
Full Weeks's work that,
so the average person an hour and a half of recording is like 10 hours of
research. Oh.
Okay. Yeah. Well, so.
You working more than so it's, it's like eight hours. So, uh,
I'm doing constant research in between fact checking.
And then I rec like once I get everything in line and I think I'm confident on
what I'm, what, you know, what I have, and, and of course, I'm right.
I'm not perfect. Then I record for about 20 minutes.
Then I get back to researching reading and I, you know,
so it's it's but he's another.
Benefit though. You work for yourself. Absolutely.
You don't have some over your, your shoulder telling you what to do.
I chose this though. Yeah. Right? So, so the, the couple things,
when you brought up, you get good at whatever you, you do,
whatever it is you do.
I tell my friends every second you spend doing something as an investment to be
into being better than better at that.
So if you wanna come home from work and play video games all day,
you'll be really good at video games, man. Um, maybe you start a stream.
You Twitch channel, maybe you, maybe you can make, you know,
some on E being a good personality, but you gotta earn it.
Or maybe there's something you wanna do that. Instead of playing video games,
you do that. Instead for me, when I'm not working, I'm just sitting around like,
why am I not working? What, like, what am I doing? You know, I'm, it's I,
I ended up taking, uh, yesterday off.
I didn't work today cuz we're doing the show. And so I'm sitting, you know,
sitting around watching TV shows like this is awful. I can't stand.
I gotta read the news, man. I gotta, I gotta be in. I gotta be into it. Well,
you're driven.
That. But also you're enjoying it.
That's the difference between someone who's working in a coal mine or someone
who's working in a field all day picking strawberries. Yeah.
But they hate the job. You, I.
I hear you, but you know, you know how many people have hit me up?
You probably get something similar. Like how do I do what you do? You know,
when I was working for vice and I was traveling around the world, 10,
20 emails every week from young people saying, I really wanna do it. You do.
And you know what? I, you know what,
what they would say to me when I would tell them how to do it, they would say,
I will never do that. I, I would them. Here's what you do.
<laugh> do you have any money saved up? No. Okay. Where do you work?
You don't work. Get a job Starbucks. McDonald's whatever you can get.
Maybe you can do better than that. Save your money. Once you've saved enough,
find a store. You want fly there, cover it. You know what they would say? No,
I had one. I had there's one person that said to me,
I wanna travel around the world role and do what you do. How do I do it? I say,
do you have money saved up? Yes. Excellent.
There's a story right now going on in Turkey. All right. You gotta be secure.
You gotta be safe, but it's, inbols fairly okay. Fly there right now, film it.
And you know, I'll see if I can make any connections on what you find.
They said, well, the money I saved is for my apartment in Brooklyn.
And I'm like, right.
What's more important to you have in your nice Williamsburg apartment or being a
gen journalist traveling around the world. Well, I like my apartment. I'm like,
okay, listen. When I worked for vice, I was sleeping on a couch,
every dime they paid me. I put in the bank, I didn't touch it.
I got a job working for a, a Disney, an ABC news joint venture company.
After that, they paid me a bunch of money. I put 70% in the bank.
I didn't touch it. When I left, I went to a bunch of these New York,
digital companies, you know, I I'll spare them,
their names for any embarrassment.
Many of them who have become rather worthless, they still exist.
And they're big. And I decided after seeing what they had to offer the bias,
the deception, the, the click bait driven nature of it, um, do myself.
And because I saved my money every step of the way I was able to do or so,
so then I had an apartment then I could pay for my plane ticket, you know, to,
to Sweden, to France, to Germany,
to do these stories and started building up a base within about seven or eight
months. I had gone from red to black.
So now all of a sudden I was no longer losing money.
I was making money and I'm like,
there it is a couple of years on ridiculous re ridiculous,
ridiculously successful, uh, for myself, I guess I could, you know,
it's relative, but I've got some, several employees launching new companies.
Well, one of the companies shattered a,
a fundraising record of a million bucks in a single day.
So that's that that's look the path for me. Isn't the path for everybody,
but sacrifice, you know.
Well,
you're basically saying exactly what they're saying in the talk perseverance and
you, you embrace the grind, but.
It's also, what do you really prioritize? Yeah. For.
Me, what are you trying to do? I Don.
I don't care about having an apartment. I wanna, I wanna,
I wanna see what was going on on the ground in Istanbul. Know what it's.
Also like who, who is the type of person that would chase down the stories,
the type of person that's really gonna chase down.
The stories is persons driven to chase down stories.
What you're getting is questions from idiots.
You're getting questions from people that are like, how do I do it? Exactly.
And then when you offer the answer, I'm not gonna do that. Right.
But those are the people that are never gonna make it.
Like there's a conversation I had with a Shapi where he and, uh, Robert Kelly,
uh, apparently they, they thought about sponsoring a comic who's up and coming,
taking care of their financial needs. And you know,
for like a year and trying to see how far they could get in their career,
if they didn't have to deal with money. And I said,
that's the problem is the type of person who's going to make it.
It is going to make it not just in spite of the fact that they don't have any
money, but because of the fact they don't have any money. Yeah. Those day jobs,
those sucky jobs that you need to have when you're struggling, those, these,
they motivate you. They're important. If somebody just comes along,
gives you all the money you need for food, you're gonna half-as it.
And some hungry guy,
and the other side of town is gonna take all the gigs that you would get.
They're gonna write better jokes.
They're gonna be more motivated to go to open mics.
They're gonna pound the pavement harder. Well.
I got a story for you. Uh, I'll try and get the details right. To my,
my buddy's company. So, uh, forgive me if I'm, if I'm getting the details wrong,
but he, he had a, um, social media management company. He started himself.
He knew everything, social media, Instagram, and all that.
And he started building up a client base where I'm gonna run your social media
for you worked like a charm, started making a ton of money,
getting new contracts. These companies didn know what they were doing.
He got to a point where I had to hire people.
He ended up hiring a couple college grads and he, he, he put up the a saying,
you know, college degree required. They couldn't figure anything out.
They kept calling him having problems, couldn't manage anything. So he fires em,
rehires again, more college grads. Same problem. Eventually has to fire him.
Then he hires because he he's running outta money. He hires to, uh, high school.
I think they were high school dropouts. And he was like,
they wanted substantially less money.
And at this point I just couldn't find good people. They worked swimmingly.
It was amazing. No phone calls, no problems.
These were people who had worked hard,
saved up money in their small pumpkin hometown,
moved to Los Angeles to make it big. They knew what they wanted.
They knew what they had to do. And they said, I will find a way to do it.
He said, the other people are hiring were just like drones.
They just wanted a job. They didn't know or care what they were doing.
They didn't bother. So they didn't wanna learn.
But these people who were driven, viewed this as just another problem,
be solved on my path to success.
Yeah. That's, that's the mindset. And that's the difference.
The mindset of success is the mindset of, I will figure it out. So I.
Think the, the problem is how we're raising people in this country.
We're raising them to, uh, in certain areas to expect things,
to be given to you. Yes. You get a participation trophy, no matter what you do,
you congratulations you. Well.
This is the problem with socialism.
And this is the problem with universal basic income. What we were talking about.
Yeah. Yeah. Expecting something from the government,
particularly without any financial feasibility. There's no,
there's no real logic to where that money comes from. Like, show me your,
what the is. Right, right. What is money? You.
Know? So,
so one of the arguments I keep seeing from a lot of people who have more,
I didn't wanna call 'em socialists. I think they're just regular urban dwelling,
like liberal left type people. Mm-hmm, <affirmative>, there's one viral post on,
uh, on red, on Reddit that said, you've got these conservatives,
or you've got these people out protesting so they can enrich their landlords and
the, these billionaires,
when they should be demanding that rent be waived that mortgages, you know,
evictions be canceled and that the government take care of their needs and
provide them with stimulus or something like that. And, um, and I,
I look at that, like, you, you're very clearly living in a city,
but what they don't understand is they say things like, you know,
landlord is in a job.
Like I I'll argue that there's a lot of the very successful landlords who make a
ton of money and do very little, but no, that's a job. Right?
It's it SOS stupid to say, it's not a job.
It's not just that it's the money you pay in rent.
Can't just be wiped out because there's groundskeepers, there's maintenance,
there's, uh, administrative assistance.
There's taxes that have to be filed rent.
Doesn't just go into their pocket so they can buy a boat. But they, they,
they view it this way. And they, that money is, is what you want. That when,
when they say these people who want the government to be reopened, you know,
are simply trying to enrich the wealthy. It's like,
I think maybe they make things and they wanna keep making things they want,
they want meaning the economy, not the government, the economy. Yeah. Sorry.
Yeah. Yeah. Keep mixing that up. But there's, there, there,
there are a lot of people that don't seem to understand. I,
I think it's because when you live in a city everything's already there for you.
When I lived in New York, the Williamsburg bridge, boom, there it is.
I didn't see it built. I didn't pay a dime for it and I can just use it.
I can cross over. It's just there. And I've never had to, you know,
you never had to fight for it. So you just say, why can't I just have it?
You see you walk in any store and there's food. Hey, there's food easy.
What they don't see is the supply chain where the food is made the work that
goes into it. So they assume that money guarantees access to it,
which it doesn't. If the economy is shut down, the money, can't buy you things.
The value of that money starts going down.
If the farms can't sell any of this to anybody and start dumping. And,
and I think it's called following fields no longer farming,
then there's nothing to buy.
So if products aren't being made and services,
aren't being rendered because the economy is closed,
what is your money gonna get you at a certain point when the economy is shut
down for too long,
and we're seeing all of these businesses close family businesses,
I heard a story, terrible tragedy. Somebody killed themself because their,
their family business of seven years was shut down. That that product is gone.
So eventually there's no food to buy.
And only then will people realize that the government stimulus money has no
inherent value. It's it's the work we do for each other.
That's the argument being left out when you,
when you get a biased view on social media or when these people don't quite
understand, you know.
I.